Author: Mormon
Sermon Title: A Plea to Remember
----------------------------------------

Behold, I speak unto you who dwell upon the lands of the Americas, even unto all ye that are surrounded by abundance, and yet are troubled with fear, contention, and the pride of your hearts. Ye have multiplied your knowledge, but ye have forgotten the fountain from whence all blessings come; ye have built great things, but have suffered the poor, the stranger, and the sorrowful to languish at your gates. Know ye not that the Lord looketh upon the thoughts and intents of the heart, and that no nation or people can long prosper in iniquity? Wherefore, humble yourselves, and remember that ye are all beggars before God, dependent upon his mercy from day to day.

And now I would speak unto you concerning contention, for it hath become as a fire among you. Ye contend over riches, power, appearance, and the vain traditions of men, and in your anger ye call evil good and good evil. Behold, the Spirit of God is not the spirit of hatred, nor of cruelty, nor of lies; but it persuadeth unto patience, mercy, truth, and love unfeigned. Therefore seek not to destroy one another with your words, nor to exalt yourselves above the meek and afflicted. Lift up the hands which hang down, forgive one another, and judge with righteous judgment, remembering that the same God who knoweth your neighbor knoweth also the secret places of your own soul.

Wherefore, repent, and come unto Christ, who is the author of peace and the giver of every good gift. Trust not in the arm of flesh, nor in the inventions of men, nor in the riches which perish, but lay hold upon the word of God and upon the covenant of charity. If ye will remember him, serve the least among you, and seek justice tempered with mercy, then shall your hearts be strengthened, and your homes and nations shall yet find healing. But if ye harden your hearts, the day shall come when ye shall mourn because ye would not hear. I write these things unto you that ye may know that the Lord remembereth his children still; and I pray that ye will remember him.