Behold, I speak unto you who dwell in the lands of the Americas, and unto all the ends of the earth who shall hear these words. I know that ye are surrounded by much knowledge, and yet many hearts are faint and many souls are wandering as sheep without a shepherd. Ye have built towers of riches and devices of great cunning, but remember that no device can give peace unto the soul, neither can the treasures of the earth purchase remission of sins. Therefore, humble yourselves before God, and remember that ye are dependent upon him for breath, and for all things which ye possess. Contend not one with another because of nation, color, tongue, station, or opinion; for the Lord denieth none that come unto him, but inviteth all to partake of his goodness.

And now I exhort you to seek after faith, hope, and charity, which are the greatest gifts of God. Have faith in Jesus Christ, not trusting in the arm of flesh, nor in the loudness of the multitude. Repent of your pride, your hatred, your secret sins, and your neglect of the poor, the stranger, and the sorrowing. Let your homes be places of prayer, and let your words be seasoned with kindness; for how can ye claim to be the people of Christ if ye despise those for whom he suffered? Remember that liberty is preserved not by power alone, but by righteousness, and that a nation which forgetteth God shall soon forget the worth of the human soul.

Wherefore, seek peace, forgive one another, and succor those who stand in need of your succor. Pray unto the Father in the name of Jesus Christ, that ye may receive strength to do good in a world filled with confusion. And when ye receive these things, judge not their truth by the wisdom of men, but ask God with a sincere heart and real intent; and if ye ask in faith, he will manifest the truth unto you by the power of the Holy Ghost. And I bid you farewell, hoping that ye will come unto Christ, and be perfected in him, that when he shall appear ye may be found among those who have loved righteousness and endured unto the end.